#### Guidelines for Assignment 1

Assignment 1, a group task, is released today (February 12th, 2025) and will be due at 23:59 on February 26th, 2025 (Wednesday). Please read the attachment(s) carefully in the submission entry. To accomplish Assignment 1, there should be 3-5 students in each group, which can be the same or different from any tutorial session group and the final project group. Please also feel free to form groups with members from different tutorial sessions as no oral presentations are required for Assignment 1. If you find it difficult to form a group of 3-5, you can publish an announcement or ask the TAs for arrangements. If you do not wish to form a group of 3-5, please seek approval from Prof. Yiu and forward the approval emails with the whole conversation history to TAs. 

Here are some tips for Assignment 1. To begin, consider selecting a different platform to compare with the blockchain platform. Introduce both platforms and analyze the reasons for your comparison. To make the comparison more convincing, you should further choose a specific existing application that is using or is about to use the better-fit platform to support your findings. For example, you can demonstrate how the blockchain platform fits decentralized banking management systems better than the platform you pick above by proving it is better for HSBC to use the blockchain platform. 

Late submissions, page limit exceeding, and poor typesetting that affects reading and understanding may result in penalty scores, as appropriate. Please submit your report with only a single PDF file in the HKU Moodle in time, where the language used must be English. Make sure that the PDF file uploaded to HKU Moodle is readable and includes the full names with the corresponding UIDs of all the group members. Each report should have at most 5 body pages (A4), where the content should be clear, the typesetting should be suitable, and the materials like figures should have adequate resolution. For example, using very tiny font sizes, unrecognized font families, or unclear screenshots on large sizes of pages like A1 to include plenty of words or materials in the report is restrictedly disallowed. If you do not know what fonts are suitable or you are new to academic writing, "Times New Roman" can be a satisfactory font with "16 pt" for the section title, "14 pt" for the subsection title, and "12 pt" for the body content. Additionally, using LaTeX to perform typesetting is encouraged. If you want to use mature LaTeX templates, the common Elsevier template, the IEEE journal template, the IEEE conference template, the Springer template, and templates from top journals or conferences are encouraged. Thus, please feel free to use any formatting tool as long as it can convert sources to a PDF file for submission. 

Besides the five body pages, a report can have cover pages (before the body pages), references (after the body pages), and appendixes (after the references). These components are optional and do not count for the 5-page limitation. For example, you can select whether to use a cover page to include the names and the UIDs or to write them directly at the beginning of the first formal page. If necessary, please write the contributions of each group member on the cover page or in the appendix. Otherwise, all the authors will be treated as contributing equally to the report. When citing references, any citation or reference style is supported. Nonetheless, please use the same format to cite throughout the report if references are provided. Additionally, scorers are not required to read the optional components during grading. Therefore, please write the optional components in stand-alone pages instead of mixing them with the body pages. 
Please coordinate within your group to guarantee that only one group member should submit the project report on behalf of all the members as we do not need multiple copies of the same report from each group member. If multiple different reports are submitted in the same group, we will refer to the last report and send emails for further confirmation. 

Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact the TAs. We are glad to offer our assistance. 
