#### Tutorial Arrangement

Students need to attend **ONE** tutorial session face-to-face **EVERY WEEK** to accomplish the **10** tutorials required in this course. The overall average grade of all the tutorials (except the quiz and the final project presentation) counts as 10% of the final grade. 

There are five available tutorial sessions each Monday and five each Tuesday. Please pick a suitable time to register. Selections need to be done from 0:00 on January 23rd to 23:59 on January 26th. Every tutorial session is set with a maximum limitation of 13 students, and it works as **FIRST COME FIRST SERVE**. You can change your tutorial session multiple times during the opening period. 

| Session | Weekday | Start | End | Venue |
| - | - | - | - | - |
| S1 | Monday | 10:30 | 11:20 | MB125 |
| S2 | Monday | 11:30 | 12:20 | MB125 |
| S3 | Monday | 13:30 | 14:20 | MB125 |
| S4 | Monday | 14:30 | 15:20 | MB125 |
| S5 | Monday | 15:30 | 16:20 | MB125 |
| S6 | Tuesday | 10:30 | 11:20 | MB113C |
| S7 | Tuesday | 11:30 | 12:20 | MB113C |
| S8 | Tuesday | 13:30 | 14:20 | MB125 |
| S9 | Tuesday | 14:30 | 15:20 | MB125 |
| S10 | Tuesday | 15:30 | 16:20 | MB125 |

The timetable for all tutorials is shown below. We will update you if there are any changes. 

| Tutorial | Week | Monday | Tuesday | Remark |
| - | - | - | - | - |
| T1 | W3 | February 10th| February 11th| |
| T2 | W4 | February 17th| February 18th| |
| T3 | W5 | February 24th| February 25th| |
| T4 | W6 | March 3rd | March 4th | |
| T5 | W8 | March 17th | March 18th | |
| T6 | W9 | March 24th | March 25th | |
| T7 | W10 | March 31st | April 1st | |
| T8 | W11 | April 7th | April 8th | |
| T9 | W12 | April 14th | April 15th | Quiz |
| T10 | W14 | April 28th | April 29th | Final Project Presentation |

After the registry, please feel free to contact the teaching assistants (TAs) if you want to move to another session temporarily or permanently. The TAs will approve the cases after consideration. 

From T1 to T8, students will be asked to form smaller groups to accomplish some group tasks. TAs will observe every student and give a suitable mark. Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI) is allowed to be used in these tutorials. Nonetheless, students are required to summarize all the information they gather and describe their answers based on their understanding. Directly copying the content generated by GenAI is not allowed. 
